Reporting: update docs (#34740)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/reporting.md

1. Click on the reports icon in the side menu. The Reports tab allows you to view, create, and update your reports.
1. Enter report information. All fields are required unless otherwise indicated.
   - **Report name -** Name of the report as you want it to appear in the Reports list. It's also used as the email subject.
   - **Recipients -** Enter the emails of the people or teams that you want to receive the report, separated by commas or semicolons.
   - **Reply to -** (optional) The address that will appear in the **Reply to** field of the email.
   - **Message -** (optional) Message body in the email with the report.
   - **Include a dashboard link -** Include a link to the dashboard from within the report email.
   - **Source dashboard -** Select the dashboard to generate the report from.
   - **Time range -** (optional) Use custom time range for the report. For more information check [Report time range]({{< relref "#report-time-range" >}}).

> 1. Select the orientation option for generated report: **Portrait** or **Landscape**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select an orientation for the report: **Portrait** or **Landscape**.
```

> 1. Select the layout option for generated report: **Simple** or **Grid**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select a layout for the generated report: **Simple** or **Grid**. The **Simple** layout renders each panel as full-width across the PDF. The **Grid** layout renders the PDF with the same panel arrangement and width as the source dashboard.
```

> 1. You can include CSV files for every table panel your dashboard by clicking on **Add a CSV file of table panel data**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Add a CSV file of table panel data**: check this box to attach a CSV file to the report email for each table panel on the dashboard.
```

> 1. **Preview PDF** to make sure the report appears as you expect. Update if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Preview PDF** View a rendered PDF with the options you have selected.
```

1. Enter scheduling information. Options vary depending on the frequency you select.
1. **Save** the report.

> 1. **Send test email** to verify that the whole configuration is working as expected. This will ask you to write an email to send the test email to or to use the emails from the report configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Send test email** to verify that the whole configuration is working as expected. You can choose to send this email to the recipients configured for the report, or to a different set of email addresses only used for testing.
```

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/enterprise/reports_send_test_mail.png" max-width="500px" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}

### Report time range

> Setting custom report time range is available in Grafana Enterprise v7.2+.

By default, reports use the saved time range of the dashboard. Changing the time range of the report can be done by:

- Saving a modified time range to the dashboard.
- Setting a time range via **Time range** field in the report form. If specified, then this custom time range overrides the one from the report's dashboard.

The page header of the report displays the time range for the dashboard's data queries. Dashboards set to use the browser's time zone will use the time zone on the Grafana server.

> If the time zone is set differently between your Grafana server and its remote image renderer, then the time ranges in the report might be different between the page header and the time axes in the panels. We advise always setting the time zone to UTC for dashboards when using a remote renderer to avoid this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the time zone is set differently between your Grafana server and its remote image renderer, then the time ranges in the report might be different between the page header and the time axes in the panels. To avoid this, set the time zone to UTC for dashboards when using a remote renderer.
```

### Choose template variables

> **Note:** Available in Grafana Enterprise version 7.5+ (behind `reportVariables` feature flag) and Grafana Enterprise version 8+ without a feature flag.

You can configure report-specific template variables for the dashboard on the report page. The variables that you select will override the variables from the dashboard, and they are used when rendering a PDF file of the report. For detailed information about using template variables, refer to the [Templates and variables]({{< relref "../variables/_index.md" >}}) section.

> Note that the query variables saved with a report might get out of date in case the results of that query change. If that happens, the selected variables will need to be manually updated in the report, unless `All` value is selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The query variables saved with a report might go out of date if the results of that query change. For example, if your template variable queries for a list of hostnames and a new hostname is added, then it will not be included in the report. If that happens, the selected variables will need to be manually updated in the report. If you select the `All` value for the template variable or if you keep the dashboard's original variable selection, then the report will stay up-to-date as new values are added.
```

> ### Render report with panels or rows set to repeat by a variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Render a report with panels or rows set to repeat by a variable
```

> **Note:** Available in Grafana Enterprise v8+.

You can include dynamic dashboards with panels or rows, set to repeat by a variable, into reports. For detailed information about setting up repeating panels or rows in dashboards, refer to the [Repeat panels or rows]({{< relref "../panels/repeat-panels-or-rows.md" >}}) section.

#### Caveats:

- Rendering repeating panels for dynamic variable types (e.g. `query` variables) with selected `All` value is currently not supported. As a workaround, it is possible to individually select all the values instead.

> - If the number of selected variables is different in dashboard from the report, the dimensions of the panels from the dashboard are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you select different template variables in a report for a dashboard with repeating rows, you might see empty space or missing values at the bottom of the report. This is because the dimensions of the panels from the dashboard are used to generate the report. To avoid this issue, use the dashboard's original template variables for the report, or make a copy of the dashboard, select the new set of template variables, and generate a report based on the copied dashboard.
```

> - Rendering of the repeating panels inside collapsed rows in reports is not supported.

Reviewer: @Clarity-89 I'm not sure I understand this line yet. Could you explain it a little more?

Author: @mjseaman basically if some of the repeated panels are inside the rows that are collapsed in the report's dashboard, they won't be rendered in the report's PDF. Normally we expand collapsed rows and render their panels in reports but with repeated panels it's not possible.

## Choose template variables

> **Note:** Available in Grafana Enterprise version 7.5+ (behind `reportVariables` feature flag) and Grafana Enterprise version 8+ without a feature flag.

You can configure report-specific template variables for the dashboard on the report page. The variables that you select will override the variables from the dashboard, and they are used when rendering a PDF file of the report. For detailed information about using template variables, refer to the [Templates and variables]({{< relref "../variables/_index.md" >}}) section. 

Note that the query variables saved with a report might get out of date in case the results of that query change. If that happens, the selected variables will need to be manually updated in the report, unless `All` value is selected.  

## Render report with panels or rows set to repeat by a variable 

> **Note:** Available in Grafana Enterprise v8+.

You can include dynamic dashboards with panels or rows, set to repeat by a variable, into reports. For detailed information about setting up repeating panels or rows in dashboards, refer to the [Repeat panels or rows]({{< relref "../panels/repeat-panels-or-rows.md" >}}) section.

> ###Caveats:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Caveats:
```
